Gress, Thomas M	Transcriptome analysis of microdissected pancreatic intraepithelial neoplastic lesions.
Katagiri, Toyomasa	Genome-wide cDNA microarray analysis of gene expression profiles in pancreatic cancers using populations of tumor cells and normal ductal epithelial cells selected for purity by laser microdissection.
Brown, Patrick O	Gene expression patterns in pancreatic tumors, cells and tissues.
Goggins, Michael	Exploration of global gene expression patterns in pancreatic adenocarcinoma using cDNA microarrays.
Hruban, Ralph H	Highly expressed genes in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas: a comprehensive characterization and comparison of the transcription profiles obtained from three major technologies.
Hruban, Ralph H	Discovery of novel tumor markers of pancreatic cancer using global gene expression technology.
Hanash, Samir	Molecular profiling of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and chronic pancreatitis identifies multiple genes differentially regulated in pancreatic cancer.
Buchler, M W	Microarray-based identification of differentially expressed growth- and metastasis-associated genes in pancreatic cancer.
Haun, Randy S	Differential expression of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-5 in pancreatic adenocarcinomas: identification using DNA microarray.
Saeger, Hans Detlev	Gene expression profiling of microdissected pancreatic ductal carcinomas using high-density DNA microarrays.
Goggins, Michael	Gene expression alterations in the non-neoplastic parenchyma adjacent to infiltrating pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Hruban, Ralph H	Identification of novel highly expressed genes in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas through a bioinformatics analysis of expressed sequence tags.
Lobler, Marian	Expression of connexin26 in islets of Langerhans is associated with impaired glucose tolerance in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Mao, Yu-Min	Discovery and analysis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma genes using cDNA microarrays.
Tang, Yan	Analysis of gene expression profile of pancreatic carcinoma using cDNA microarray.
Buscail, Louis	Identification of biomarkers of human pancreatic adenocarcinomas by expression profiling and validation with gene expression analysis in endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration samples.
Lemoine, Nicholas R	Molecular alterations in pancreatic carcinoma: expression profiling shows that dysregulated expression of S100 genes is highly prevalent.
Henshall, Susan M	Expression of HOXB2, a retinoic acid signaling target in pancreatic cancer and pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia.
Goggins, Michael	Differentiating pancreatic lesions by microarray and QPCR analysis of pancreatic juice RNAs.
Simeone, Diane M	The molecular basis of pancreatic fibrosis: common stromal gene expression in chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Lemoine, N R	Gene expression profiles of pancreatic cancer and stromal desmoplasia.
Pilarsky, Christian	Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma is highly expressed in pancreatic cancer and is associated with shorter overall survival times.
Lemoine, Nicholas R	Expression profiling of microdissected pancreatic adenocarcinomas.
Pilarsky, Christian	Gene expression profiles of microdissected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Postier, Russell G	Increased expression of alpha-1-antitrypsin, glutathione S-transferase pi and vascular endothelial growth factor in human pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Mano, Hiroyuki	Screening of genes specifically activated in the pancreatic juice ductal cells from the patients with pancreatic ductal carcinoma.
Friess, Helmut	Enhanced expression of 14-3-3sigma in pancreatic cancer and its role in cell cycle regulation and apoptosis.
Mark Evers, B	Inflammatory mechanisms contributing to pancreatic cancer development.
Goggins, Michael	Characterization of gene expression in mucinous cystic neoplasms of the pancreas using oligonucleotide microarrays.
Schirmacher, P	Tenascin C and annexin II expression in the process of pancreatic carcinogenesis.
Friess, Helmut	Expression and functional significance of CDC25B in human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Goggins, Michael	Gene expression profiling identifies genes associated with invasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms of the pancreas.
Zervos, Emmanuel E	Identification of molecular markers specific for pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors by genetic profiling of core biopsies.
Friess, Helmut	Overexpressed decorin in pancreatic cancer: potential tumor growth inhibition and attenuation of chemotherapeutic action.
Hanash, Samir M	An autoantibody-mediated immune response to calreticulin isoforms in pancreatic cancer.
Hruban, Ralph H	Differentially expressed genes in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas identified through serial analysis of gene expression.
Nakamura, Yusuke	Down-regulation of RAB6KIFL/KIF20A, a kinesin involved with membrane trafficking of discs large homologue 5, can attenuate growth of pancreatic cancer cell.
Friess, Helmut	Enhanced levels of Hsulf-1 interfere with heparin-binding growth factor signaling in pancreatic cancer.
Friess, Helmut	FXYD3 is overexpressed in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and influences pancreatic cancer cell growth.
Frierson, Henry F Jr	Comprehensive analysis of HE4 expression in normal and malignant human tissues.
Batra, Surinder K	MUC4-expressing pancreatic adenocarcinomas show elevated levels of both T1 and T2 cytokines: potential pathobiologic implications.
Kleeff, Jorg	Tumor-suppressor function of SPARC-like protein 1/Hevin in pancreatic cancer.
Logsdon, Craig D	CEACAM1, a novel serum biomarker for pancreatic cancer.
